but your forum videos i'm your host
Natalie Rydstrom in the rugby world
Argentina is set to host England in the
first of two game series on Saturday
annales to discuss the betting value it
sports writer and regular less for your
forum contributor Richard o'hagan
Richard thanks once again for joining us
I don't ask me no Christian Wade looks
to make his full england debut this
saturday the explosive 22 year old is
sure to make his presence felt in the
two-game series just helping an impact
will you leave well it can have an
impact in two ways first of all it is
probably the most potent track attacking
threat in English rugby at the moment
even joke about just taking into account
they sweep inside but this whole squad
available at the moment and I think with
the Argentine fact that they should not
being the strongest in the world I think
you could probably expect way to have a
big strike rating this game I wouldn't
be at all surprised to see them school
at least two tries in this game however
he has an impact offensively as well
because the reason why he doesn't make
the regular even starting 15 is that he
is not great in defense so I've teen are
going to look for attack him as well so
you won't be looking at markets where
the item point wingers might get over
for a score or two as well because he's
got a boner ability of everybody and
while rugby knows it okay and you do you
think we're going to see winning this I
think England will shade it I think
it'll be a close game is probably not
there before them between three and five
points in it but I think things will
shade it just because they're coming off
the back of their see season an
Argentine just doesn't pick up on there
so even though will be a little bit more
in tune with one another at this stage
okay and would it make a good a good bet
to bet on england to win or is there
other as other value at this market
there's Asif value everywhere that are
surprisingly short on to the moment to
win so I would be looking also at the
halftime full tight market way you can
probably get a good price on an
Argentine to lead at halftime anything
to come back in the second half and
again I might even look for something
like the first try scorer market but
maybe look too likes of Christian way or
Johnnie Mae if he plays
I look to try and get some money on
those well just to try my best because
think that they're so sure and what in
game strategies may be adopted to profit
betting rugby Oh what are two possible
options you've got the first is again
the winning managing market because you
can bet on that in game and in fact
sometimes really game like this over to
Jeff it's the best way to bet on that
market because don't know just how
strong for two people are going to turn
out to be when they actually carve
against each other given fact as I say
Argentina starting their season England
we can fire having so many players away
with the Lions so that might be a good
move because then you can adjust your
bets and back and lay according to how
the game is fluctuating there's another
option which is just coming in not form
a couple flow tube upon bit but that's
just the next scoring play market where
again you can try against in a try and
anticipate and think well if it seems
punting the ball down into the of the
opposition corner and probably look with
the try and score a try from that
position so that's another good option
odds are never that great but we can
usually make a little bit of money on it
okay wonderful richer thanks for joining
us